Specify web_server ota configuration variable is not compatible with esp-idf (#3081)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/web_server.rst

- **include_internal** (*Optional*, boolean): Whether ``internal`` entities should be displayed on the
  web interface. Defaults to ``false``.

> - **ota** (*Optional, not compatible with esp-idf framework*, boolean): Turn on or off the OTA feature inside webserver. Strongly not suggested without enabled authentication settings. Defaults to ``true``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **ota** (*Optional*, boolean): Turn on or off the OTA feature inside webserver. Strongly not suggested without enabled authentication settings. Defaults to ``true``. Cannot be used with the ``esp-idf`` framework.
```
